Create a guide to configure Azure OpenID with Okteto (#259)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

Follow your OpenID Connect service provider's documentation on how to create the required application.

> We have custom guides for:

Reviewer: This reads weird, since there is no context between this paragraph and the next.  Do we expect them to read those guides and then continue?  I'm not sure we should put this there.

Reviewer: Maybe we can have two sections one of guides and a generic one?

Author: I would have them for discoverability, but yes, we should work on the wording. My thinking was, if you are on okta or azure AD, jump to their custom guides. For any other open id provider, continue reading here

> We have custom guides for:

Reviewer: Okteto supports any identity provider that implements the OpenID Connect standard. The following external identity providers have been tested with Okteto:

> We have custom guides for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okteto supports any identity provider that implements the OpenID Connect standard. The following external identity providers have been tested with Okteto:
```

- [Okta](/docs/self-hosted/guides/okta)

> - [Azure](/docs/self-hosted/guides/azure)

Reviewer: The guide is not for Azure, but for Azure Active Directory right?

Follow your OpenID Connect service provider's documentation on how to create the required application.

Okteto supports any identity provider that implements the OpenID Connect standard.
The following external identity providers have been tested with Okteto:

- [Okta](/docs/self-hosted/guides/okta)
- [Azure Active Directory](/docs/self-hosted/guides/azure-active-directory)

> > Missing your identity provider? Open a feature request in the [Okteto Community](https://community.okteto.com/t/about-the-feature-requests-category/28)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Are we missing your favorite identity provider? Open a feature request in the [Okteto Community](https://community.okteto.com/t/about-the-feature-requests-category/28) and let us know!
```

      enabled: true
```

> When using `byo` you'll need to [configure your registry](/docs/self-hosted/administration/configuration/#registry) to use the file system for storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `byo` you'll need to [configure your registry](/docs/self-hosted/administration/configuration/#registry) to use a persistent volume for storage. 
```
